sql: fix the correctness problem about kill (#6377)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md

* By design, `KILL` is not compatible with MySQL by default. This helps prevent against a case of a connection being terminated on the wrong TiDB server, because it is common to place multiple TiDB servers behind a load balancer.
* DO NOT set [`compatible-kill-query = true`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#compatible-kill-query) in your configuration file UNLESS you are certain that clients will be always connected to the same TiDB node. This is because pressing <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> in the default MySQL client opens a new connection in which `KILL` is executed. If there are proxies in between, the new connection might be routed to a different TiDB node, which possibly kills a different session.

> * The `KILL TIDB` statement is a TiDB extension, which is similar to the MySQL `KILL [CONNECTION|QUERY]` command and the MySQL command-line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> feature. It is safe to use `KILL TIDB` on the same TiDB node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `KILL TIDB` statement is a TiDB extension, which has similar features to the MySQL `KILL [CONNECTION|QUERY]` command and the MySQL command-line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd>. It is safe to use `KILL TIDB` on the same TiDB node.
```

> * The `KILL TIDB` statement is a TiDB extension, which is the same function as the MySQL `KILL [CONNECTION|QUERY]` command and the MySQL command-line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> feature. It is safe to use `KILL TIDB` on the same TiDB node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `KILL TIDB` statement is a TiDB extension, which is similar to the MySQL `KILL [CONNECTION|QUERY]` command and the MySQL command-line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> feature. It is safe to use `KILL TIDB` on the same TiDB node.
```
